Update unit test doc (#5856)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: tests/README.md

Unit tests exist in the [tests]() directory. This is unconventional and is done so we can run the 
tests on the final shaded version of the plugin. It also helps with how we collect code coverage. 

The `tests` module depends on the `aggregator` module which is shading the dependencies.
Should first `mvn install` the aggregator jar to local Maven repository due to a limitation of the shading system.

> The steps to run the unit tests:

Reviewer: we may want to clarify that there are other ways to run the tests... ie just packages without skipTests.
Perhaps change the wording such if trying to just run the tests vi mvn test make sure to do an install first.

> The steps to run the unit tests:

Reviewer: its close, we might add "When running the tests via 'mvn test', make...

> The `tests` module depends on the `aggregator` module which is shading the dependencies.
> Should first `mvn install` the aggregator jar to local Maven repository due to a limitation of the shading system.
> The steps to run the unit tests:

Reviewer 2: Updating the suggestion:

```suggestion
The `tests` module depends on the `aggregator` module which shades dependencies.  When running the
tests via `mvn test`, make sure to do an install via `mvn install` for the aggregator jar to the
local maven repository.

The steps to run the unit tests:
```

> The steps to run the unit tests:

Author: Done
